
TOPIC
    about_Helps

SHORT DESCRIPTION
    Helps module - PowerShell help builder
    http://helps-powershell-help-builder.googlecode.com/

LONG DESCRIPTION
    The module builds PowerShell MAML help files from PowerShell help scripts.
    Help scripts are almost WYSIWYG, they look very similar to the result help.
    Still, they are just scripts and this makes a lot of useful features easy.
    One of them is building help files for several cultures.

    The module exports the following commands:

    Convert-Helps
        Converts help source scripts into the PowerShell MAML help file.

    Merge-Helps
        Used to derive help of derived cmdlets from help of base cmdlets.

    New-Helps
        Creates help and localized data templates for commands and providers.

    Test-Helps
        Tests help example code snippets with built-in test script blocks.

HELP SCRIPT
    The help source script returns hashtables describing command/provider help.
    The caller or the script itself should make all the commands available.

    Synopsis, description, remarks, etc. texts can be strings or string arrays.

    Each string is shown as a new line. Strings with leading tabs or spaces are
    treated as pre-formatted blocks. Other strings are formatted: sequences of
    not empty not indented lines are joined together with single spaces.

COMMAND HELP TABLE
    Mandatory keys
        command, synopsis, parameters

    description
        The default value is the synopsis text.

    sets
        Keys are parameter set names, values are remarks.

    parameters
        Keys are parameter names, values are remarks.

    examples ... title
        The default is generated as --- EXAMPLE N ---.

    examples ... code
        It is [ScriptBlock] or [string].
        [ScriptBlock] is called by 'test' called by Test-Helps.

    examples ... test
        It is [ScriptBlock].
        $args[0] is the example code being tested.

PROVIDER HELP TABLE
    Provider help items are similar to command help items with same names.
    There are a few differences:

    Mandatory keys
        provider, synopsis.

    examples
        introduction and code are not joined as they are for commands.

EXAMPLES
    Demo\Helps-Help.ps1
        The help source script for building this module help file.

    Demo\Test-Helps-Help.ps1
        Exhaustive example of command help sources.

    Demo\TestProvider.dll-Help.ps1
        Exhaustive example of provides help sources.

SEE ALSO
    Convert-Helps
    Merge-Helps
    New-Helps
    Test-Helps
